New site preview (#75)
common-workflow-language/cwl-website: content/governance.md

---
layout: page
permalink: /governance/
title: Governance 
class: page-short
---

{:.cwl-red}
## CWL Leadership Team

> CWL is a member project of the Software Freedom Conservancy. In general, [discussions about CWL should happen on open forums](https://www.commonwl.org/#Support) but you can also contact the CWL leadership team & Conservancy directly via <commonworkflowlanguage@sfconservancy.org>. This address should be CC'ed regarding all activities that involve activities of Common Workflow Language that are related to things other than software development and documentation, and particularly any activities that expect to make use of Software Freedom Conservancy's non-profit status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CWL is a member project of the Software Freedom Conservancy. In general, discussions about CWL should happen on [open forums](/community/) but you can also contact the CWL leadership team & Conservancy directly via <commonworkflowlanguage@sfconservancy.org>. This address should be CC'ed regarding all activities involving the Common Workflow Language ecosystem that are related to topics other than software development and documentation - particularly any activities that expect to make use of Software Freedom Conservancy's non-profit status.
```
